Pair Up Habit Coaching

Pair Up connects you to a friendly human coach to help you lead a more active lifestyle. Everyone is different, so your coach will work with you to understand your goals and personalise your plan to get started.  

Pair Up helps you identify simple steps to get started and find new ways to get more active as part of your everyday routine. Your Pair Up coach be there every step of the way, providing guidance and accountability to help you stay on track.

The Pair Up program begins with simple telephone call with your coach. From there, you will stay connected with your coach via our convenient in-app chat interface. Your coach will provide specific new habit-strengthening concepts each week, alongside chat support as needed.

Pair Up includes simple HealthKit integration to help track your steps using just your phone. You can also choose to connect your Fitbit to PairUp, or any other tracking device that works with HealthKit. Your Pair Up coach will use this data to provide you with tailored insights on your daily steps within the in-app chat interface, as an integrated part of the Pair Up coaching service.

The Pair Up team has worked with tens of thousands of people around Australia, helping them to finally get started with a more active and happy lifestyle, using world-class habit-coaching techniques. 

Why not get started today? Pair Up features a FREE one-month trial period.

Subscription pricing and terms:

Pair Up features three auto-renewing subscription options:
 * Habit Starter, $89.99 for two months 
 * Habit Stabilizer, $199.99 for six months
 * Habit Master, $299.99 for twelve months

All prices are in Australian Dollars (AUD). 

The Pair Up coaching program is built around two-month cycles, each including an in-depth telephone call with your Pair Up coach, followed by weekly check-ins for the two-month cycle. The six and twelve month programs offer more cost-effective options for longer term support and accountability – which will really help lock in powerful new active habits.  

New users to Pair Up can begin with a one-month free trial. The free-trial will convert to your selected subscription term automatically if not cancelled within 24 hours of the end of the trial period. 

All Pair Up subscriptions will automatically renew within 24 hours of the end of your selected subscription term, and will renew for the same term and price as your original subscription selection. You will be charged through your iTunes Account. You can manage your subscriptions and turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes Account Settings, but refunds will not be provided for any unused portion of the term. 

End-user licencing agreement / Terms of use: http://pairup.im/terms-apple.html
Privacy policy: http://pairup.im/privacy.html
